oranize sphinx doc project (#3002)
red-hat-storage/ocs-ci: docs/README.rst

:orphan:

OCS-CI project documentation
============================

Official html version of ocs-ci documentation maintained in this

> direcotory is publised on `ocs-ci.readthedocs.io`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
directory is published on `ocs-ci.readthedocs.io`_.
```
